Hotch: Previously
on "Criminal Minds"...
You OK?
Yeah, I'm just
really tired.
He had his meds
an hour ago.
Yeah, post-op antibiotics.
Carbenicillin?
No, that's not right.
I have a severe reaction
to beta lactams.
That's not in your chart.
What are you doing?
Garcia! He has a gun!
You saved my life.
Hey, you're OK.
You're OK.
[Thunder]
Our father, who art in heaven,
hallowed by thy name,
thy kingdom come,
the will be done,
on earth as it is in heaven,
give us this day
our daily bread,
and forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive those
who trespass against us.
And lead us not
into temptation,
but deliver us from evil,
for thine is the kingdom
and the power and the glory
forever and ever.
Amen.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is not fair.
You should just kill him!
She's right.
Why all the fanfare?
Let him burn in hell.
Just do it. Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him!
All: Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him...
[Chanting continues]
No! No, please! No!
[Gasping]
I've been having nightmares
all night, every night
about this, and I know you guys deal
with it, and I'm not trying--
it's just that
I can't just let it happen.
I--I can't--
I have to go. I have--
then you should.
You don't think I'm certifiable?
You're not mad at me?
No. I'll have Kevin Lynch cover, and
you have a lot of vacation time.
Thank you. Thank you.
You are a terrific boss.
You're a terrific boss.
You're just terrific.
Thank you. Thank you.
So, what'd he say?
He said I should go
to Texas.
Hotch would
never say that.
OK. He said I have a lot
of vacation days,
which is kind of
the same thing.
He said you were crazy,
Garcia, didn't he?
He didn't,
because I am not crazy.
Going to see the man
who almost killed you and Reid
is way beyond crazy.
He needs to know
that I never meant
for him to end up
on death row.
Greg Baylor is a murderer.
He's there for a reason.
Then lock him up for life,
but killing him
doesn't bring any of
the people that he killed back again,
and it's bad karma
for everyone.
I've done everything
I can think of.
I wrote to the governor
on FBI stationery.
I called him 3 times.
You said you had a hook-up
with the prosecutor's office.
Baby girl, he pled guilty,
forfeiting a trial.
He waived all appeals
and admitted to numerous
other killings.
The governor
is setting an example.
And Greg Baylor needs to know that
I never meant for this to happen.
So send him a letter.
I already did that.
I can't totally explain it,
but I have to go and see him.
Please, I can't talk to Sam about this.
You have to have my back.
No. I don't have your back.
He is a murderer.
He's scum.
He tried to kill you.
Wake up.
Let me know when you're
done washing his feet.
So where's Garcia
and Morgan?
Are they finally having
that love child?
Heard that.
Busted.
Uh, Garcia's taking
some personal time.
Is everything OK?
I hope it wasn't those
burritos we had yesterday.
She's fine. Kevin Lynch
will be presenting the case.
Hiya. Hi.
Sorry.
Where we going?
Seattle, Washington.
Over the past few weeks,
two gentlemen between
the ages of 35 and 40
have been killed, both with radically
different M.O.s.
First victim, Dan Chen,
was strangled and dropped
off on the side of a road.
The second victim, Joe Hazley,
was run over by a car.
The intimacy of strangulation
suggests a personal attack,
literally and figuratively,
the need to kill in a hands-on manner.
While crushing someone
with a car
presents as distance
and removal from the kill.
What makes you think
they're connected?
The victims' cars were found about
two miles from each other,
and they have similar
mutilation around their mouths.
And he crosses
racial lines.
Well, if you consider that
and a similar Geo-profile,
maybe we have
two different killers.
We could be looking
at a team.
A disorganized one.
Or the unsub's
just experimenting,
trying to figure out
how he or she likes to kill.
Similar to Herzog
and Shermantine.
So we need to get
to Seattle quickly.
If he's evolving,
he could strike again soon.
Man, whispering: Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope,
[Door creaks]
Where am I?
What is this place?
Pl--
please.
Please, I'll do--
I'll do whatever you want.
Please!
Shh.
Uhh!
[Shouting]
No!
Man, whispering: Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope,
[Gasping]
Voices: Abandon all hope
ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope
ye who enter here!
♪ Criminal Minds 10x02 ♪
Burn
Original Air Date on October 8, 2014
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
Morgan: "The farther
backward you can look,
the farther forward
you can see."
Winston Churchill.
All right, victimology.
Dan Chen had two children,
Joe Hazley was single.
The first guy was a doctor
and the other was a contractor.
Socially
they wouldn't overlap.
Well, they may have
professionally.
One could have been
a patient,
and the doctor could have
hired the contractor.
No, I already checked into that.
They didn't know each other.
So they were victims
of opportunity.
But why change
from strangulation
to running over
victims in a car?
Well, it seems impulsive, which
implies he's young and inexperienced.
But he had to have
the strength to pull this off,
so that probably
means he was older.
Kevin: Um, excuse me,
agent Hotchner.
What is it?
A third victim,
Michael Richmond,
was just found
about 4 miles
from where they found
the last victim.
How was he killed?
He drowned. They found
his discarded body
on a rural highway,
and he had oral mutilation.
That's near the last
victim's abduction site.
Just as we thought,
the unsub's moving quickly.
This could be a spree.
All right, when we land,
Dave, you and Kate
go to the last
abduction site.
Morgan and Reid
to the M.E.,
and JJ and I will talk
to the families.
Hey, what's going on
with Penelope?
Reid, I'll talk to you more about that
when we're alone, all right?
Is she OK? I mean,
she isn't sick, is she?
That really depends on
your definition of sick.
Goin' to see your boo?
No, not--
no boo. Mm-mmm.
Girl, I know why you're
goin' up there
wearing some flower hose
and not trying to get some.
It's complicated.
Trust me.
You want to hear
complicated, honey?
My boo is
my baby dad's ex.
Ex-girlfriend?
No.
Ex-boyfriend.
Damn.
What's he in for?
Armed robbery.
But he ain't killed nobody.
He just drove the car.
Oh. OK.
But, you know,
it's a good thing
we're going up there today.
'Cause tomorrow
they fryin' somebody.
But don't trip.
The day after you can come back
and see that boo.
Who I know you're denying
is really your boo.
No, he's--
you know, I'm not
one to ask the FBI for assistance,
but this was strange.
We're here to help
in any way we can.
The first two victims'
families should be here shortly.
Have you interviewed the
drowning victim's family?
We have officers
doing that now.
He was the father
of two. Poor kids.
We'll need to talk
to his family.
Of course.
We'll set you guys up in here.
You have a suspect?
We're putting
together a profile.
Shouldn't we hold
a press conference?
We don't want
to tip our hand.
We also don't want
this madman to go crazy.
Unfortunately,
we're a little past that.
We'll come up with a media strategy once
we have more information.
We'll see what we get
from the family interviews.
All of the victims
had different C.O.D.s.
Strangulation,
severe crush injuries,
and finally, drowning.
The last victim's hands
and legs were bound
before the unsub
forcibly submerged him.
They all have contusions
on their heads.
And it looks like he blitz
attacks them or hits them
when they try to fight back.
There was no DNA
or trace evidence found.
You get the tox screen back?
Nothing out of
the ordinary in their systems.
However, I did find
some slash marks
on the roofs
of their mouths.
Slash marks--
We thought it was random mutliation.
Whoa.
What is it?
It's not slashes.
It look--
it looks like Roman
numerals.
What?
Look.
It's the number 3.
Joe Hazley's body's
downstairs.
We'll need to see it.
Reid, what about this guy?
It looks like
Roman numeral 5.
So then we may not be
looking at victims 1, 2, and 3.
We're probably looking
at 3, 4, and 5.
Which means there are
two more bodies out there.
I'll have Kevin look into
past homicides in the area,
see if any match the M.O.
[Hammering]
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9.
[Overlapping voices
counting]
9!
They ran him over
in a car?
A car? Who would do that?
Why Joe?
Does your brother
have any enemies?
Not at all.
OK, um, has he had
any run-ins with colleagues or exes?
Joe wasn't like that.
He was a mediator,
you know?
The guy at the party who makes
sure everyone's having fun.
If you needed $10,
he'd give you 20.
Even with his little brother from
that program, he treated him like blood.
So he volunteered
as a big brother?
Yes.
He could be tough on Jose.
But that kid went
from getting Cs to As thanks to Joe.
How old is Jose?
14.
When he finds out
what happened,
it's gonna kill him.
You get anything?
No enemies.
Seemed loved.
Yeah, same with Dan Chandler.
His wife said he was
a good father to the twin 13-year-olds.
The boys said he was tough
but fair.
That could be
our connection.
Joe Hazley was mentoring
a kid the same age
who he was also tough on.
Mike Richmond had a son
about the same age, too.
They had an argument
about an hour before he went missing.
Maybe our unsub has something against
strict paternal figures
with boys in that age group.
Name.
Penelope Garcia.
I'm here to see
Greg Baylor.
You're not on the list.
Next.
Wait, no.
I'm from the FBI.
I left a message.
Oh, yeah. That Garcia.
He said he didn't
want to see you.
Next.
No! Uh, I came here
all the way from Quantico.
He can't just
not want to see me.
I have something
I have to tell him.
[Whispering]
He's on death row.
I understand where he is,
and I also understand
the Constitution.
And Mr. Baylor
still has rights,
which he has decided
to exercise.
Next.
OK, OK.
Uh...Can I
leave him a note?
You can try.
Can I borrow your pen?
Over there.
Yes, sir.
Next!
So, this is where Mike
Richmond was abducted.
This road is highly
trafficked,
but this stretch
seems pretty empty.
Our unsub probably
followed him.
Yes, so how did he lure them out
of their vehicles,
'cause they'd be
on alert out here.
He bumps them as they
cross the intersection,
then they pull over,
thinking they were in an accident.
Like a bump and rob.
But this turned into
a bump and abduct.
You know, I had
a rapist once
who liked to bump and rape
right there on the side of the road.
And no one saw?
No, if they did,
they kept going.
I'm convinced most people
don't pay attention these days.
If it doesn't happen
on the phone, it doesn't exist.
[Cell phone rings]
[Ring]
I planned that for effect.
[Cell phone ringing]
Why don't you
answer that?
It's Garcia. I don't know
what to tell her, Reid.
She's gone to see Greg Baylor
before he gets executed.
Go figure.
It's PTSD.
Her nightmares
are PTSD, Reid.
She's taken this
to a whole nother level.
You know Garcia.
She carries a laptop, not a gun.
She can't even look
at crime scene photos
without needing pictures
of panda bears to counterbalance them.
I tried to walk her back
from the ledge,
but I think she's
already jumped.
I was like that
after I shot the LDSK.
Phillip Dowd.
Yeah. At first
I felt nothing.
And then--
Gideon was right. It just hit me.
I started to obsess.
Looked up photos of him
when he was in the Rangers.
I studied cases he worked
when he was a cop.
I--even patients he treated
while he was a nurse.
Why?
I just wanted
to get inside of him.
And I wanted to try
to understand why our paths crossed
and see if there was some way
that he could have been stopped
before I came along.
What made you finally
move on?
All the people he killed.
I put their photos
on my wall.
They had lives, too.
If this guy followed
our victims
and used a ruse,
then he's not just acting on impulse.
Hotch: No, it's
organized victimology.
The father figures
are likely surrogates for his own.
Morgan: There were
Roman numerals
carved into the roofs
of their mouths,
which is highly symbolic.
Or ritualistic.
With numbers 3, 4, and 5
already found,
it suggests we're missing
two earlier victims.
Kevin's looking into it.
Kate:
Considering the ruse,
the unsub is extremely
controlled,
but his M.O. doesn't
make any sense.
Then we need to figure out
its meaning,
because not gonna stop
until he do.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Man: Come on, man.
Hey, please. Look,
I didn't mean to hit him.
I was just trying to teach him a lesson
of right and wrong.
You can understand that,
can't you?
Hey. What's wrong with you?
Come on,
let me out of here.
What are you doing?
You serious?
Come on,
let me out of here.
Please.
Listen.
Hey, come on.
Hey, hey.
No, no!
Come on, no!
Come on, listen!
Listen, listen, listen,
come on!
I love my family. Please.
Please, please, please!
What are you doing?
Come on.
Oh, my god.
Oh, jeez.
Hey, come on, stop!
Oh, god! No!
[Coughs]
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9.
Oh, come on!
No, no!
Let me out of here!
No! Oh!
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
[Screaming]
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Voicemail: Hi, this is Derek
Morgan. Please leave a message.
[Beep]
Chocolate mousse?
It's--it's baby girl.
Hi.
Clearly we're both into S&M,
because you've been dodging my calls
for the last 24 hours,
and I keep calling you
although you keep dodging my calls.
Look, I know we parted mad,
and you think I'm nutterbutter
for coming here, and...
You're right,
because now I'm here and
he doesn't want to see me.
He doesn't
want to see me, Derek.
How can I make things better
if he doesn't want to see me?
So now I'm here
at this motel,
I'm trying not to look at
the stains on the bedspread,
and I'm wrestling with the fact that
I have egg on my face,
and I'm sorry.
No, you know what?
He's sorry.
He's gonna be sorry 'cause he's not
hanging out with me.
That's what...
I don't even know
what I'm saying.
See, I need to talk to you.
Call me back.
Please?
[Cell phone rings]
Derek?
You have a collect call from
Baldridge State correctional facility.
If you'd like to accept
the charges, please press one.
This is Greg Baylor.
Oh, my gosh.
It's you.
Hi. How are you?
I mean--
that's a dumb question.
Today at 2:00.
OK. OK. Today at 2:00.
[Camera clicks]
Morgan: This unsub's truly
evolving, switching to fire.
This guy's the king
of the changing M.O.
He might just be getting
more forensically sophisticated.
Fire destroys
most trace evidence.
Kevin just found
two homicides in the city
from the last 8 weeks
which might fit our unsub's M.O.
Were they in
the comfort zone?
40 miles out.
But they did have
Roman numerals 1 and 2
in their mouths.
The first one was
asphyxiated by gas
and the other electrocuted.
That probably makes him
number 6,
but why burn him
in a box?
You know, it's shaped
more like a casket.
What's the symbolism?
Maybe this is how
he wanted to see the man
who's at the center
of his rage.
Because he's probably
in the sixth circle.
Circle of what?
Dan Chen was found
in the mud.
The other guy
was crushed to death.
I don't think
these are random M.O.s.
The unsub is recreating
the circles of hell.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope.
Hotch: We believe the unsub
we're looking for is a male
between the ages
of 35 and 40
who is killing
parental figures
based on his need
for revenge and punishment.
He's designed his M.O.
to recreate Dante's 9 circles of hell.
Rossi: "The Inferno" is the first part
of  Dante's "divine comedy,"
within it, he describes
the sinners he'd encounter
in each circle of hell
and the punishments
they'd endured.
The first circle
was for those who didn't accept God,
therefore lived in limbo, punished
by a blinding fog.
The first victim was found gassed
in his apartment.
The second circle
was for those guilty of lust,
who'd be blown around
in a violent storm.
Oh, no! Please...
Therefore, our second
victim was tied to a fence
and electrocuted.
The third circle
was gluttony,
where sinners would be rained on
and wallow in mud.
Our next victim was found strangled
on the side of the road
covered with dirt.
Reid: Our fourth victim
was crushed like the punishment
in the next circle
reserved for greed.
The fifth circle is wrath,
where sinners were drowned
in swampy water,
which is exactly
what happened to the next victim.
In the sixth, heretics were trapped
in a burning tomb,
like our most recent
victim,
and the next 3 circles
are just as vicious.
Our unsub killed all the way through
the sixth circle
and marked his victims
accordingly.
But his victims hadn't
committed the sins
associated
with each ring,
which suggests
that the killings
are symbolic of
the father figure
who hurt him
in the past.
In the poem, Dante traveled
with the poet Virgil
who assured him
he would enter paradise
if he completed his journey.
Consequently,
we believe our unsub
is metaphorically taking this journey
with someone else.
Man:
I will help you.
His Virgil is most likely
a sibling
that suffered the same fate
at the hand
of an abusive father.
This man's patient.
We also think he's an academic.
He stalks his victims, and after
watching them discipline a child,
he waits until
what he considers
the appropriate moment
to kill them.
We believe he will continue
with the final 3 circles
until he feels
completely avenged.
4 cavities. Do you know
how much that cost me?
I've been brushing
my teeth.
Bull!
All you do is eat candy
and play video games.
You're grounded
for two weeks
and you're not going
to the ballgame on Saturday.
Where are we?
The victims' automobiles
were found right here.
And that is where
all the victims were last seen
prior to the abductions.
So he's able to move
around freely.
All right, we need
to get back to the poem.
An unsub this committed
to a body of work
isn't killing
out of the blue.
Maybe he'd obsess
over the poem,
maybe even write about it
before acting it out.
Morgan:
Create a manifesto?
Yeah. At least be literary enough
to post his thoughts.
Kevin, what did you
come up with
on people posting online rants about
Dante's "Inferno"?
There are over 80 people
in the past week.
Rossi: Subtract
high school kids.
We're not looking for
screeds about homework.
You got 5 in the state,
my friend.
Any in the comfort zone?
One.
What's his name?
Nathan Chow. He's a student
at Puget College.
He posted a blog
about killing people at his school
using Dante's 9 circles
of hell.
When did he do it?
A week before the first murder.
He's a little younger
than our profile.
What if he's our Virgil?
We catch him,
we catch our unsub.
Send us the address.
Nathan Chow, FBI!
1, 2.
Clear.
Explosives?
That's not circle 7.
No, but suicide is one of
the inner circles of 7.
This could be the endgame.
Nathan?
You're under arrest.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney...
And have him present
while you're being questioned.
[Bell rings]
Thank you for agreeing
to see me.
How are you?
That's a dumb question.
You look good.
I mean, you look good
especially considering--
is this place
as bad as it seems?
It could use some paint.
I'm nervous.
I can't stop talking. I'm sorry.
Look, I know
you got my letter.
And I know you tried
to hurt me and my friend,
but I need you to know
I never meant for this to happen,
for you to end up
on death row.
I tried to stop this.
You tried to stop this?
Yes. I called the governor.
I wrote him a letter.
You had a horrible upbringing.
This isn't you.
Why are you really here?
I need you to know
I'm in your corner.
Oh. You're not here
for me.
You're here
for yourself.
That's not entirely true.
Of course it is.
You don't know me.
Oh, I know you.
Trust me.
Oh, so you want me
to forgive you.
No.
You want me to say
I'm a bad man,
I love killing,
I deserve this?
No.
Then what the hell
is it?
Huh?
'Cause I'm done talking.
I'm done feeling guilty.
I got 10 hours
left to breathe,
and the last thing I need is some freaky
woman coming up here
with her liberal guilt
trying to change things.
I'm a killer.
You can't change that.
I did it.
I killed them.
JJ: All 6 of them?
Yes. Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Morgan: Dante had that much
of an effect on you, huh?
You figured by taking
your victims through hell,
you'd relieve
some kind of pain.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
How did you choose
the 6 victims?
Were they random,
or did they have meaning to you?
Evil isn't random.
It's quite precise.
You made a list
and started killing.
No.
They chose their fates.
We're all evil.
Men and women.
Evil doesn't discriminate.
So let's enter through
the gates of hell
and talk about
the first killing.
You replicated
the first circle?
I put her in a fog
and I strangled her.
Actually, you chained him
in his apartment
and left the oven on.
All the victims
were male, Nathan.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Nathan, we know you're
working with someone.
Who are you protecting?
...ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Nathan,
stop stonewalling us.
You're his Virgil,
aren't you?
No. I'm Dante.
I'm Dante.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
OK, why is he taking credit for killings
he clearly didn't do?
Ego, maybe.
In the poem, Dante
and Virgil had roles
from which
they didn't stray.
This unsub and his Virgil
would do the same thing.
Rossi:
So who's this kid?
I don't know.
He's got some relationship
with the unsub.
Guys, with circles 7, 8, and 9 left,
we're running out of time.
We need to dig more deeply
into Nathan's life.
I think we're getting off
to an icky start.
I'm done.
You should go.
But--
There's nothing
that you can say.
Then why did you agree
to see me?
I'm not a friend.
I'm not family.
Oh, is that it?
They didn't come?
I'm the only one
who showed up?
Shut up.
If I was wrong, you would have called
the guard over here by now.
You're afraid.
As tough as you're acting
right now,
this is the scariest.
And you don't want to die.
I deserve this.
Why the heck
did you call me?
Because I don't want
to die alone.
Oh.
I can't.
Why?
For a lot of reasons.
I--I--I--I hate--
I hate--I don't like blood.
It's an injection.
There's gotta be someone
out there--
No, you were right.
I got nobody.
Nobody came to visit me.
Nobody called.
You're the only human
that reached out to me,
in the letter.
Well, maybe the governor
will still grant you a stay.
But if he doesn't...
Then I want somebody there.
I'm scared.
I don't know.
Then I was right.
You're not here for me.
You're here for yourself.
Hey.
No. No.
No, wait.
Take me back.
Wait, Greg.
I'm done.
Greg.
No--Greg--
no, Greg, wait.
Greg.
I didn't mean...
Could we...
Greg.
No one in Nathan's life
fits the profile.
Kate: Did you check people
in his high school classes?
Yeah. Still coming up empty.
All right, I've got
Nathan's copy of "The Inferno"
with detailed notes,
but the edition is from 1986.
And if Nathan was in high school
two years ago,
he would have had
a more recent edition.
Is they a J. Leu
anywhere in Nathan's life?
Uh, yeah.
There's a Justin Leu.
He was Nathan's high school
AP English teacher.
If you give a kid
an early edition of a book,
it's because you had a bond.
Oh, in Nathan's digital
yearbook,
he says that Mr. Leu
was the only reason
he got through
high school.
He took his class twice.
Is Mr. Leu still
in the school system?
Yeah, he's been there
for years.
From the looks of it,
he's a very tough teacher.
[Bell rings]
Oh, and please remember
your "Paradise Lost" papers
are due next Friday.
Don't forget. Thank you.
Mr. Leu...
You can't give me a "B".
Well, that's what you got.
If I come home with a "B,"
my dad's gonna kill me.
Voices: Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope,
Hotch: What do we know
about Leu's family?
Kevin: The mom passed away
of cancer when Justin was 10.
Father started spiraling.
Father:
Let me see, Justin.
You got a "B"?
Todd, what did you get?
A B-minus.
How many hours
did you study?
Justin: Dad...
You don't deserve
to eat or sleep.
But, Dad--
shut up!
Kevin: Stopped going
to church, started drinking.
He was very abusive.
Social services said
he often locked the kids in a shed.
Was the father violent
with both boys?
Yes, but according to
Child Protective Services,
Mr. Leu's older brother Todd
got the worst of it.
Justin,
you shouldn't be here.
It's going to be OK.
Remember, abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope...
Ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
And where's
the brother now?
Todd?
Todd.
Todd!
Kevin: He committed suicide.
Dad!
Reid: So that's who
his Virgil is, his brother.
He's metaphorically going
on this journey with him.
Hotch: Maybe the father
committed the sins
found within
the 9 circles.
An "A"?
Are you serious?
Thanks.
Rossi: Is the father
still alive?
No, he passed away
a couple months ago.
Justin inherited his house.
That's what triggered
the killing.
All right, Kevin, send us
the school address, the home address,
And his father's address.
Sent.
[Indistinct voices]
What did I do? What
do you want from me?
Please, please.
Please, what are you doing?
Just paying you back.
You idiot.
Shut up, Dad.
I'm not your dad.
What are you doing?
Are you stupid?
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
Say it again.
Abandon all hope,
ye who enter here.
You're weak,
just like your brother.
No!
Please...
Don't hurt me!
You think
this is painful?
Wait till you get to hell.
Aah!
Un huh. OK, thanks.
Hotch and Rossi just left the school.
Justin's not there.
What about
at his apartment?
It's empty, too.
He has to be headed
to his father's house.
Please,
I'll do whatever you want.
I just want you
to be nice.
We're not perfect.
We're not perfect!
No. You're dumb!
Be quiet!
A "B" in math?
A B-minus in English?
Shut up.
You and your brother
are lazy.
No, be quiet.
You should have both
died back then.
FBI!
FBI. Don't do it.
Get away!
Drop that gun.
JJ: You've killed enough.
I'm not finished.
Please, help me!
Killing him's
not gonna help you.
I need to finish
this journey.
But you skipped
number 7
and went right
to 8, Justin.
Part of 7 was suicide.
You were gonna try to
complete the circles
and save that
for yourself.
You don't know me.
You thought that
by killing yourself
it would even the score.
But your brother
didn't commit suicide
because he couldn't
live up to your grades, Justin.
He was depressed.
No. It's my fault.
It's my fault!
It was your father's.
If he'd have gotten your brother
the help he needed,
none of this
would have happened.
Listen to her, Justin.
Think about it.
Come on, now, it's over.
Put that gun down.
Don't let your father destroy
you more than he already has.
[Sobbing]
I'm sorry, father.
I'm sorry.
[Line ringing]
Hi, this is Derek Morgan.
Please leave a message.
[Beep]
Derek, pick up the phone.
I need to talk to you.
I went to go see him.
This whole thing is a mess.
I made things worse
by coming here.
I thought I would come and,
you know, be an uplifter.
I'm an uplifter. Even on death row
I want to be an uplifter.
I wanted to change things.
But I can't change it,
I can't fix it,
because it's already
in motion.
And now I'm here alone,
and I know I made my choices to get here,
but I need you right now.
I don't even know
what I need.
I need you to see me.
I need you to witness me
as I go through this.
I need to know you're out there
while I'm going through this.
That's what I need.
Open the gate.
[Buzzer]
♪ Open eyes ♪
♪ adjusting to the dark ♪
♪ the growlin' of machinery ♪
♪ can't say if it's
night or day ♪
♪ and you know ♪
♪ somewhere in there you know ♪
♪ there will be
a price to pay ♪
[Priest saying "Lord's Prayer"
in background]
♪ Till all this goes away ♪
[Prayer continues]
♪ So we walk ♪
Amen.
♪ the empty halls ♪
♪ the dirty walls ♪
♪ we smear our names
in them ♪
♪ dirt we find
beneath our nails ♪
Is there anything
you want to say?
♪ Can't be scrubbed ♪
♪ from our tired hands ♪
♪ we're never clean ♪
Thank you.
♪ Walk the halls ♪
♪ soot along the walls ♪
♪ some will smear
their names in it ♪
♪ while some just go away ♪
♪ and you know ♪
♪ somewhere in there you know ♪
♪ there's nothing here
but surviving ♪
♪ till something goes away ♪
♪ but through the cracks
in this machine ♪
♪ we see the light ♪
♪ we see the sun dissolve ♪
♪ and we feel
the pulse of life ♪
♪ a better life ♪
♪ on the other side ♪
♪ and we wait ♪
♪ and so we wait ♪
Garcia: "It doesn't take
a lot of strength to hang on,
it takes a lot of strength
to let go."
J.C. Watts.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org